chronic, combine, ifdata, ifne, isutf8: add pages (#12114)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/isutf8.md

# isutf8

> Check whether text files contain valid UTF-8.
> More information: <https://joeyh.name/code/moreutils/>.

- Check whether the specified files contain valid UTF-8:

`isutf8 {{path/to/file1 path/to/file2 ...}}`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Print errors using multiple lines:

`isutf8 --verbose {{path/to/file1 path/to/file2 ...}}`
```

- Do not print anything to `stdout`, indicate the result merely with the exit code:

`isutf8 --quiet {{path/to/file1 path/to/file2 ...}}`

> - Only print the names of the files containing invalid UTF-8:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Same as `--list` but inverted, i.e., only print the names of the files containing valid UTF-8:
```
